[OpenSearch] Add Search API and OpenSearch admin API documentation (#21234)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/code/documentation/user/API.md

- Automating project management: creating, updating, and retrieving project information.
- Retrieving data about users, merge requests, and commits.
- Automatically rotating user secrets and access keys.

> - Programmatic search with OpenSearch-backed filters: see [Search API](/code/documentation/user/search-api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Programmatic search with OpenSearch-backed filters is described in ["Search API"](search-api.html).
```
